Add Flipper for feature flags (#29)
rootstrap/rails_hotwire_base: README.md

- [Bullet](https://github.com/flyerhzm/bullet#whitelist) You can add exceptions to a bullet initializer or in the controller

## Configuring Code Climate

1. After adding the project to CC, go to `Repo Settings`

> 2. On the `Test Coverage` tab, copy the `Test Reporter ID`
> 3. Set the current value of `CC_TEST_REPORTER_ID` in the CI project env variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the `Test Coverage` tab, copy the `Test Reporter ID`
1. Set the current value of `CC_TEST_REPORTER_ID` in the CI project env variables
```

it does the trick 😉
